C:\Users\sg\Dropbox\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Evil in Dangeon.exe
C:\Users\sg\Dropbox\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Evil in Dangeon.pdb
C:\Users\sg\Dropbox\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
C:\Users\sg\Dropbox\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
C:\Users\sg\Dropbox\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
C:\Users\sg\Dropbox\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
C:\Users\sg\Dropbox\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
C:\Users\sg\Dropbox\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
C:\Users\sg\Dropbox\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
C:\Users\sg\Dropbox\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
C:\Users\sg\Dropbox\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
C:\Users\sg\Dropbox\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
C:\Users\sg\Dropbox\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
C:\Users\sg\Dropbox\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
C:\Users\sg\Dropbox\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
C:\Users\sg\Dropbox\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
C:\Users\sg\Dropbox\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
C:\Users\sg\Dropbox\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
C:\Users\sg\Dropbox\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
C:\Users\sg\Dropbox\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
C:\Users\sg\Dropbox\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
C:\Users\sg\Dropbox\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
C:\Users\sg\Dropbox\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\obj\x86\Debug\Evil in Dangeon.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\sg\Dropbox\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\obj\x86\Debug\Evil in Dangeon.exe
C:\Users\sg\Dropbox\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\obj\x86\Debug\Evil in Dangeon.pdb
C:\Users\sg\Dropbox\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Hero.xnb
C:\Users\sg\Dropbox\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Map.map
C:\Users\sg\Dropbox\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Walls.xnb
C:\Users\sg\Dropbox\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Evil in Dangeon.exe.config
C:\Users\sg\Dropbox\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SGen.dll
C:\Users\sg\Dropbox\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SGen.pdb
C:\Users\sg\Dropbox\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Sky.xnb
C:\Users\sg\Dropbox\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Coin.xnb
C:\Users\sg\Dropbox\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Bonus.xnb
C:\Users\sg\Dropbox\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Flash.xnb
C:\Users\sg\Dropbox\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Guns.xnb
C:\Users\sg\Dropbox\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Bullet.xnb
C:\Users\sg\Dropbox\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\BulletShot.xnb
C:\Users\sg\Dropbox\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\CoinTake.xnb
C:\Users\sg\Dropbox\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\BulletRikoshet.xnb
C:\Users\sg\Dropbox\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Font.xnb
C:\Users\sg\Dropbox\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\SpiderOnWeb.xnb
C:\Users\sg\Dropbox\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Pixel.xnb
C:\Users\sg\Dropbox\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\LifeBar.xnb
C:\Users\sg\Dropbox\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Spider.xnb
C:\Users\sg\Dropbox\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Skeleton.xnb
C:\Users\sg\Dropbox\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Bone.xnb
C:\Users\sg\Dropbox\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\PoisonDrop.xnb
C:\Users\sg\Dropbox\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Blood.xnb
C:\Users\sg\Dropbox\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Table.xnb
C:\Users\sg\Dropbox\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\PopUp.xnb
C:\Users\sg\Dropbox\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Barrel.xnb
C:\Users\sg\Dropbox\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Chest.xnb
C:\Users\sg\Dropbox\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Explosion.xnb
C:\Users\sg\Dropbox\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\ExplosionSnd.xnb
c:\Users\sg\YandexDisk\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Evil in Dangeon.exe.config
c:\Users\sg\YandexDisk\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\obj\x86\Debug\Evil in Dangeon.exe
c:\Users\sg\YandexDisk\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\obj\x86\Debug\Evil in Dangeon.pdb
c:\Users\sg\YandexDisk\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Map.map
c:\Users\sg\YandexDisk\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Barrel.xnb
c:\Users\sg\YandexDisk\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Blood.xnb
c:\Users\sg\YandexDisk\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Bone.xnb
c:\Users\sg\YandexDisk\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Bonus.xnb
c:\Users\sg\YandexDisk\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Bullet.xnb
c:\Users\sg\YandexDisk\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\BulletRikoshet.xnb
c:\Users\sg\YandexDisk\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\BulletShot.xnb
c:\Users\sg\YandexDisk\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Chest.xnb
c:\Users\sg\YandexDisk\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Coin.xnb
c:\Users\sg\YandexDisk\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\CoinTake.xnb
c:\Users\sg\YandexDisk\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Explosion.xnb
c:\Users\sg\YandexDisk\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\ExplosionSnd.xnb
c:\Users\sg\YandexDisk\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Flash.xnb
c:\Users\sg\YandexDisk\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Font.xnb
c:\Users\sg\YandexDisk\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Guns.xnb
c:\Users\sg\YandexDisk\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Hero.xnb
c:\Users\sg\YandexDisk\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\LifeBar.xnb
c:\Users\sg\YandexDisk\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Pixel.xnb
c:\Users\sg\YandexDisk\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\PoisonDrop.xnb
c:\Users\sg\YandexDisk\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\PopUp.xnb
c:\Users\sg\YandexDisk\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Skeleton.xnb
c:\Users\sg\YandexDisk\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Sky.xnb
c:\Users\sg\YandexDisk\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Spider.xnb
c:\Users\sg\YandexDisk\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\SpiderOnWeb.xnb
c:\Users\sg\YandexDisk\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Table.xnb
c:\Users\sg\YandexDisk\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Walls.xnb
c:\Users\sg\YandexDisk\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Evil in Dangeon.exe
c:\Users\sg\YandexDisk\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Evil in Dangeon.pdb
c:\Users\sg\YandexDisk\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\Users\sg\YandexDisk\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SGen.dll
c:\Users\sg\YandexDisk\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\Users\sg\YandexDisk\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\Users\sg\YandexDisk\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\Users\sg\YandexDisk\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\Users\sg\YandexDisk\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\Users\sg\YandexDisk\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\Users\sg\YandexDisk\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\Users\sg\YandexDisk\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
c:\Users\sg\YandexDisk\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\Users\sg\YandexDisk\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SGen.pdb
c:\Users\sg\YandexDisk\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\Users\sg\YandexDisk\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\Users\sg\YandexDisk\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\Users\sg\YandexDisk\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\Users\sg\YandexDisk\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\Users\sg\YandexDisk\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\Users\sg\YandexDisk\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\Users\sg\YandexDisk\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\Users\sg\YandexDisk\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
c:\Users\sg\YandexDisk\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\Users\sg\YandexDisk\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\obj\x86\Debug\Evil in Dangeon.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\sg\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Map.map
c:\Users\sg\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Barrel.xnb
c:\Users\sg\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Blood.xnb
c:\Users\sg\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Bone.xnb
c:\Users\sg\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Bonus.xnb
c:\Users\sg\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Bullet.xnb
c:\Users\sg\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\BulletRikoshet.xnb
c:\Users\sg\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\BulletShot.xnb
c:\Users\sg\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Chest.xnb
c:\Users\sg\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Coin.xnb
c:\Users\sg\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\CoinTake.xnb
c:\Users\sg\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Explosion.xnb
c:\Users\sg\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\ExplosionSnd.xnb
c:\Users\sg\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Flash.xnb
c:\Users\sg\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Font.xnb
c:\Users\sg\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Guns.xnb
c:\Users\sg\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Hero.xnb
c:\Users\sg\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\LifeBar.xnb
c:\Users\sg\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Pixel.xnb
c:\Users\sg\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\PoisonDrop.xnb
c:\Users\sg\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\PopUp.xnb
c:\Users\sg\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Skeleton.xnb
c:\Users\sg\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Sky.xnb
c:\Users\sg\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Spider.xnb
c:\Users\sg\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\SpiderOnWeb.xnb
c:\Users\sg\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Table.xnb
c:\Users\sg\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Walls.xnb
c:\Users\sg\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Evil in Dangeon.exe.config
c:\Users\sg\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Evil in Dangeon.exe
c:\Users\sg\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Evil in Dangeon.pdb
c:\Users\sg\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\Users\sg\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SGen.dll
c:\Users\sg\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\Users\sg\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\Users\sg\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\Users\sg\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\Users\sg\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\Users\sg\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\Users\sg\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\Users\sg\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\Users\sg\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SGen.pdb
c:\Users\sg\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\Users\sg\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\Users\sg\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\Users\sg\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\Users\sg\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\Users\sg\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\Users\sg\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\Users\sg\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\Users\sg\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\Users\sg\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\obj\x86\Debug\Evil in Dangeon.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\sg\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\obj\x86\Debug\Evil in Dangeon.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\sg\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\obj\x86\Debug\Evil in Dangeon.exe
c:\Users\sg\Проекты\Evil in Dangeon\Evil in Dangeon\obj\x86\Debug\Evil in Dangeon.pdb
